introduced workflows.md which gives a general overview of the differe… (#28)
ITISFoundation/ti-planning-tool-manual: docs/services/post_processing.md

## TI Analysis

**_Summary_**

[Classic TI](/docs/background/modes.md):
_Based on the selected model and target, the surrogate-modeling-based optimizer (SuMo) systematically explores the solution space to identify optimal configurations considering three key metrics:_

* **strength**: the median of the TI modulation envelope magnitude (T<sub>max</sub>) within the target

> * **selectivity**: the signal-to-noise ratio of TI exposure — the RMS of T<sub>max</sub> in the target divided by the RMS of off-target T<sub>max</sub> squared

Reviewer: Same M2 issue as in `quantities_of_interest.md` — the wording here may be slightly ambiguous. See my comment there for the code reference.

```suggestion
* **selectivity**: the signal-to-noise ratio of TI exposure — squared ratio of the RMS of T<sub>max</sub> in the target to the RMS of T<sub>max</sub> in the off-target brain: (RMS<sub>target</sub> / RMS<sub>off-target</sub>)²
```
